README.md, before:

# Natural Sort JS
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/natural-sort-js.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/natural-sort-js) [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/ets-berkeley-edu/natural-sort-js.png)](http://travis-ci.org/ets-berkeley-edu/natural-sort-js) [![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/ets-berkeley-edu/natural-sort-js.png)](https://gemnasium.com/ets-berkeley-edu/natural-sort-js)

Original natural sort can be found at http://www.overset.com/2008/09/01/javascript-natural-sort-algorithm/

## Getting Started

Add the gem to your application Gemfile:

```
gem 'natural-sort-js'
```

## Specifying versions

- By default, this gem will include the latest stable version of natural sort JS with ``//require natural-sort-js`` in your application.<js/coffee> file.
- You can also force specific versions to be loaded with ``//require <VERSION>/natural-sort-js``, assuming the [source files](https://github.com/ets-berkeley-edu/natural-sort-js/tree/master/vendor/assets/javascripts) exist somewhere in the gem.

Commit message:

CLC-5012 - natural-sort-js
https://jira.ets.berkeley.edu/jira/browse/CLC-5012

README.md, after:

# [Deprecated/Unsupported] Natural Sort JS
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/natural-sort-js.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/natural-sort-js) [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/ets-berkeley-edu/natural-sort-js.png)](http://travis-ci.org/ets-berkeley-edu/natural-sort-js) [![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/ets-berkeley-edu/natural-sort-js.png)](https://gemnasium.com/ets-berkeley-edu/natural-sort-js)

Original natural sort can be found at http://www.overset.com/2008/09/01/javascript-natural-sort-algorithm/

**03/25/2015 - Unsupported: Due to the ETS Berkeley team now using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) for front-end dependencies, this gem is no longer supported.**

## Getting Started

Add the gem to your application Gemfile:

```
gem 'natural-sort-js'
```

## Specifying versions

- By default, this gem will include the latest stable version of natural sort JS with ``//require natural-sort-js`` in your application.<js/coffee> file.
- You can also force specific versions to be loaded with ``//require <VERSION>/natural-sort-js``, assuming the [source files](https://github.com/ets-berkeley-edu/natural-sort-js/tree/master/vendor/assets/javascripts) exist somewhere in the gem.
